I'm here with Neil Garside the head
coach of educate Manchester Neil firstly
tell us a little bit about today here
we're at the trial session and what
should be the boys be doing the trial
session is small piece two parts the
first part that's a technical tactical
ability of the boys in a training
session we've no there's no pressure no
stress placed upon them they're just
training as they would do normally
through the week wheels and then after a
break they'll go into an 11 aside games
philosophical so they can showcase their
talents and their game situation now on
the course obviously you coach them on a
daily basis and you're preparing them
for these staff opportunities I mean we
have other things that we do on the
program we've got guest coaches that
come in what what the benefits of that
yes basically we're trying to look for
themes as a coach do you know obviously
plate people are involved in clubs
what's selling herbs and professionally
one city Barcelona what do their coaches
do this difference one else so days like
today your money of the guest coach is
coming from the club's it's the same
themes that we try and get across in
terms of possession of the football
attention first touch awareness and it's
all of these things that the different
cultures just put in a slightly
different way because of their
involvement in their own individual
experiences and in the classroom we
obviously taught some about football CV
and we're talking to them about how they
can put themselves out there and sell
themselves what's happening should they
be doing to give themselves over the
opportunity to be - yeah I mean
obviously as part of the program as well
we've spent a lot of time video in the
lectures so the players can have that as
a quite a contact to develop their own
videos and showcase themselves and click
to the government long I've got this
experience but ultimately clubs want to
see them and so if they can train
conveying a tube it gives the club more
scope to have a point of contact and
preference to say whether they're
actually employability to sign or be
interesting and in the classroom as well
you obviously deliver on the VTEC
posture decisively
how does that look into the practablity
quite considerably rarely with the
different modules we have the fitness
testing where Asli we do a lot of the
testing modules to speed Aarohi Joran
strange stuff and messy so the boys can
look to see where they're up to and then
we develop it further with the technical
and tactically again the videos that we
produced from the games we analyse them
in class what positions really in did
you make the right ones and he
progresses returning to training
programs to develop themselves as well
and learn about their body as a whole
and how can they improve themselves with
you talk about the minimal gains now
that they can have so is that eating the
right things
is it getting enough sleep drinking
having the right hydration program or
everything with an area of making them
perform better out on bitch brilliant
uhm so from today I know earlier on we
were talking to the boys about this
being an opportunity for them to loving
themselves against UK players and see
what it's about it is that really what
they're taken from today really is a
learning process
ready for the next opportunity trial
they go I think it's giving them up
based so they can say this is where I
stand against English players but
they're also of a fun
themselves it's an experience where they
can go in and the conductor to revise
while my expectations am i doing things
right and we can use it as a an
important tool to keep the players of
going on and develop them and obviously
for me other than the trails date here
in April that we have different group of
players or in the meantime the players
will develop their own ways that with
scout different people watching them in
the games Institute's it's just enhance
their skills in a different environment
which gives them more knowledge and
experience with the football world all
right well thank you very